# operating-systems-6.828

This repository used to contain my solutions to the problem sets, labs and exams
from MIT's 6.828. However, I was recently contacted and asked to take down my
work as it would ruin the class for current and future students. That was never
my intention so I complied with the request. I uploaded my work to help others
doing the class by themselves get unstuck and make progress since I definitely
could have used some help while going through it.

**If you are a friend or a potential employer who wants to check out my work then
you already have my contact information so get in touch and I will send you the
materials.**

For completeness I've attached the original README below:

# [6.828](http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/)

UPDATE 03/21/16: I'm happy to say that I've completed the class. It was a lot of
work but I'm glad I did it. My favorite aspect of the class was how it propelled
me from novice to the leading research in the field, in the timespan of a semester.
Seeing myself progress to a level where I was able to understand all the papers
assigned in the second half was very satisfying.

I did not take an OS class while at Yale (due to scheduling conflicts). I have
always been interested in operating systems and decided to go ahead and study
the material by myself. This repository contains my solutions to the homeworks,
labs and exams<sup>1</sup> from MIT's 6.828. Solutions to homework assignments
can be found at the top level of this project. For lab solutions and
walkthroughs, go to `lab/solutions`. Every lab passes all the grading test cases.
Many thanks to MIT's CSEE department for leaving the class' materials online for
all to enjoy!

<sup>1</sup> You'll notice that I didn't do the second (final) exam. The latest
available final exam on the course webpage is from 2011. Unfortunately, the
curriculum and papers assigned changed significantly from 2011 to 2014, meaning
that only about 40% of the exam was relevant to the things I had learned. Earlier
exams are even less relevant.
